we're here with Lloyd buck again he's
brought one of his biggest wealth his
biggest Raptor yeah Golden Eagle Tilley
most powerful avian predator in the UK
how BIG's her wingspan 2 meters 2 meters
so what we'd love to see is just how
bird that big is able to fly and what
the feathers are doing
[Music]
did you really sensitive bird so when
you do anything with you and watch us to
be calmer less
[Music]
and these are the primaries in today is
that what their course the ones that run
the I suppose the first thing you notice
on that thumb and so you just said it
there the Aluna isn't it yeah there's
some action of those feathers that give
some finite control these are the
effectively the remedies it's not what
it's called yeah so that's sort of the
the wing feathers if you like yes the
Latin meaning remedies which means
oarsmen which is quite nice so they're
literally sitting like always getting
the driving force of the flight through
and then these tail feathers they're the
wreck tri-c's is that right yeah and
that translates as helmsman so that's
like the directing force I guess over
the last minute these ones flaring out
here yeah just as she comes in it
oh yeah lot right close to our bodies to
these two that's weird isn't it you see
these ripples look at those all across
the wing was this all right yeah so real
so striations near these real stripes of
and coming through that's the first time
anyone's ever filmed her feet he'd be
close up come near like that she's got
as much crushing power in those feet as
a large dog really its mouth Wow
this is me I'm in the king Tilly in
terms of dimensions were actually pretty
similar which is terrifying
[Music]
look at the primaries last so long how
long are they now
one of her longest primary feathers it
must be you're talking the feathers copy
that length fellow was that again sort
of just try and get more lift to get
more bulk up illegal so she's she's
evolved for soaring flight rights just
maximizing her surface area to catch as
much air coming I don't see how these
primaries really bend at the end here
yeah on the modern jet liners now they
have those little bits that Kathleen to
the wake yes I've seen and that's all to
do with aerodynamics I think it saves
fuel the designer that I believe he's
based on studying Eagle flight oh nice
one today hey nice one annoyed lesson
Rose rounds
[Applause]
[Music]